Alan's birthday is next Saturday.
Really? I don't think so.
Yeppers. He's gonna be 40.
Wow...
That is so weird.
My baby brother is going to be 40.
How old are you?
- 39.
So... So, it's just us, right?
Of course it's just us. Who else would it be?
Oh, I don't know. My friends, family...
A close-up magician.
Oh, darn. What gave it away?
Well, when I left the house, Jake was taking a shower, Charlie had on long pants
and Berta said she had to quit early because she was going to some loser's birthday party.
Oh, good. I had her down as a maybe.
Promise you'll act surprised.
This is so nice.
A private, intimate dinner for just the two of us-
Oh my god, you guys...
There's nobody here.
I don't understand it, I told them to be here an hour ago.
Yeah, well, what are you gonna do...
My family are a bunch of thoughtless, selfish butt wipes.
Surprise.
Can I have everyone's attention, please?
I want to thank you all for coming to celebrate this wonderful occasion.
I thought it was Alan's birthday.
Now it's time to say a few words about the guest of honor.
I can think of a few words.
Not only is he a terrific doctor and a fantastic boss...
He is also good and kind and smart and funny...
And...
A really swell kisser.
I can still hear you.
Alright, well, now that we're all here
why don't we take turns saying something about Alan
and how much he means to us.
Oh, okay Jake, you wanna start?
No, I've got to go make room for cake.
Alright.
Eh, Berta! Why don't you get the ball rolling?
Sure.
What the hell.
Zippy...
I've got to tell you. When you first moved in, I didn't really care for you.
You were a persnickety, self-righteous, smug son of a bitch.
And now, here we are, six years later.
Thank you.
Hear, hear!
O- Okay. Anyone else?
Alan, darling.
You were always the good son.
Of course, your brother didn't set the bar very high.
Hear- Wait a minute!
Charlie, do you want to say anything?
Alright.
Alan.
You're my little brother.
And I know, over the years I've tormented you.
I've embarrassed you in public.
I've tied you to street lights, car bumpers...
the occasional angry animal.
Oh, and remember that Fourth of July when I used your ass as a launch pad for my bottle rockets?
Anyway. I guess, what I'm trying to say is...
Thanks for the memories.
That's... That's it?
That's all you have to say?
I suppose I could talk about his bed-wetting.
You people are horrible.
No, honey, it's okay.
No, no, no, no. It's not okay.
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
This is a warm and wonderful human being and he deserves more. Especially from his family.
I don't even know why you guys showed up tonight.
Well, I can't speak for anybody else, but I'm getting overtime.
Come on, Alan. We're leaving.
Really? Before the cake?
You don't need people who don't appreciate you.
Eh, well, no, but I do kinda need Charlie's house.
No, you don't. You'll come live with me and Mom.
Right, Mom?
You know, I did spend a summer in Yosemite doing shrooms
so maybe I wasn't an official forest ranger.
Let's go. Mom, we're leaving.
Okay.
I'm sorry, this is the best bread I ever had.
Who likes magic?
I shaved for this?